---
title: Zoltan Domahidi - Senior Software Engineer resume
meta-description: "Zoltan Domahidi: Senior Software Engineer. I'm an experienced software engineer with 10+ years of backend development, 5+ years of distributed systems and 2+ years of Golang development experience. I help companies to build highly scalable cloud applications, being involved in the full lifecycle of the product.
I have a focus on quality and knowledge sharing, while I also care about my professional growth. I'm mainly interested in distributed architectures, cloud, and Golang stacks.
I'm a constant learner who loves to discover new technologies. In my spare time I learn about Rust and Blockchain application development on Ethereum."
meta-keywords: senior backend developer, senior software engineer, Go developer, microservices, AWS, Amazon Web Services, AWS cloud, GCP, Google Cloud Platform, TDD, Test Driven Development, Clean Code, Golang, Docker, Rust, Blockchain, Ethereum
summary: I'm an experienced software engineer with 10+ years of backend development, 5+ years of distributed systems and 2+ years of Golang development experience. I help companies to build highly scalable cloud applications, being involved in the full lifecycle of the product. I have a focus on quality and knowledge sharing, while I also care about my professional growth. I'm mainly interested in distributed architectures, cloud, and Golang stacks. I'm a constant learner who loves to discover new technologies. In my spare time I learn about Rust and Blockchain application development on Ethereum. <span class=no-print><br/><br/>Dear recruiters, at the moment I'm not looking for new positions (otherwise I would answer your job offer emails within 2 working days).</span>
analyics-token: G-PH6RRGZ9R4
